Fix the Sentinel macOS sidecar packaging properly.

Confirmed current failure on Apple Silicon macOS:

postject reports:

Could not find the sentinel
NODE_SEA_FUSE_fce680ab2cc467b6e072b8b5df1996b2
in the binary

The current script incorrectly continues after this failure and prints success, then copies an invalid Node binary into:

artifacts/desktop/src-tauri/binaries/server-aarch64-apple-darwin

Environment:

- macOS arm64
- Node v22.23.1 installed through Homebrew
- Rust and Tauri 2 installed
- SEA blob generation succeeds
- postject injection fails because the copied Node executable does not expose the expected fuse marker

Requirements:

1. Treat any postject, codesign, copy or injection failure as fatal.
2. Never print success or copy the binary when postject exits non-zero.
3. Remove any invalid existing sidecar before a build.
4. Investigate the best supported Node SEA approach for Node 22 on macOS arm64.
5. Prefer one of these solutions, in order:
   a. Use Node's supported built-in SEA generation workflow if available for the pinned runtime.
   b. Pin and download an official Node macOS arm64 binary that contains the required SEA fuse marker, rather than using Homebrew's process.execPath.
   c. Replace SEA with a more reliable Tauri sidecar packaging strategy that bundles the Node runtime and API server without exposing a public server.
6. Do not rely on the user's globally installed Node binary.
7. Pin the exact Node runtime version used for sidecar generation.
8. Verify the chosen runtime architecture is arm64.
9. Add a preflight check that confirms the SEA fuse marker exists before invoking postject.
10. If using postject, check its exit status and confirm injection succeeded.
11. After injection, run the produced sidecar with a health-check flag or temporary health endpoint and require exit success.
12. Confirm it binds only to 127.0.0.1.
13. Keep the existing React/Tauri architecture.
14. Do not remove SQLite, project intelligence or search features.
15. Add tests or build validation covering:
    - invalid sidecar is rejected
    - missing fuse fails clearly
    - postject failure stops the build
    - final binary exists and is executable
    - final binary passes a local health check
16. Run:
    pnpm desktop:build:server
    pnpm desktop:check
17. Update:
    docs/DESKTOP_RELEASE.md
    docs/MAC_DESKTOP_BUILD.md
    docs/CHANGELOG.md

Do not claim success unless the generated sidecar actually runs.

Provide:
- chosen packaging approach
- pinned Node version and source
- files changed
- exact Mac retry commands
- validation output
- remaining limitations

Suggested commit:

fix(desktop): use verified macOS sidecar runtime and fail on SEA injection errors